Drow eyes can be any color, with bright red being the most common!
Drow eyes get more red when they are angry, and turn more yellow when they have a tummy ache!
Drow females are generally thought to be bigger and stronger than male Drow!
Eilistraee is the chaotic good drow goddess of beauty, song, dance, freedom, moonlight, swordwork, and hunting, within the drow pantheon known as the Dark Seldarine!
Lolth transformed tall, svelt Halisstra Melarn into a twisted, spider-like mockery of her former Drow appearance!
A half-elf born from a drow-human couple was a half-drow!
Drow have lifespans far beyond those of humans, and comparable with the rest of the elven race!
Drow, by reputation, are almost entirely evil!
Drow are arrogant, ambitious, sadistic, treacherous, and hedonistic!
Though not inherently evil, the Drow enforce the Way of Lolth, leading to a race of emotionally stunted people!
"Drow" has four letters!
Even though the average weight of a Drow is known, it is unknown how many watermelons would equal the weight of a Drow because "watermelons" is not a standard unit of measurement.
Drow have darkvision!
Drow live to extraordinarily long ages if not killed by violence first!
Despite their common heritage with elves, Drow may not have a natural resistance to magical sleep effects!
Drow are arguably Gary Gygax's greatest, most influential fantasy creation, second only to the game of D&D itself!
Designer James Jacobs considers the drow to be a rare example of a D&D-invented monster becoming mainstream, with even non-gamers recognizing them!
Drow have been proven to draw additional sales of products which feature them!
Covers of D&D books featuring Drow often sell better than covers not featuring Drow!
There is no single accepted correct pronunciation of the name "Drow!"
Drow are extremely intelligent, charismatic and dexterous!
The Drow followers of Eilistraee are the largest group of good Drow, as Eilistraee is the patron goddess of all Drow that have a good alignment!
Most Drow societies hate surface elves!
Most Drow societies will wage war with almost any surface race and other subterranean races, such as mind flayers, svirfneblin, duergar, kuo-toa, dwarves, and orcs, for spoils and territory!
The Drow of Eberron are not an offshoot of the elven race as the Drow are in many other worlds!
Drow of the Forgotten Realms were once elves of the ancient tribes of Ilythiir and Miyeritar!
Drow of the Forgotten Realms were transformed into drow by the Seldarine and were cast down and driven underground by the light-skinned elves!
The Drow goddess Lolth usually appears in two forms: Drow and arachnid!
A drider is a Drow transformed into a half-Drow half-spider creature!
Only high-level priestesses in good standing with Lolth are able to initiate the transformation of a Drow into a drider!
Draegloths are half-demon, half Drow monstrosities!
Drow have pointed ears!
Drow have almost-white hair!
Centuries of exile has honed Drow darkvision to surpass even that of the surface elves, but they suffer from light sensitivity in bright sunlight!
Drow live as long as elves, although it is rare in their violent society for any individual to live longer than 400 years!
Drow begin schooling at age 8!
Drow enter adolescence at age 20!
Drow have a talent for sorcery!
Drow possess innate magical talents, such as the ability to create motes of light!
Drow possess innate magical talents, such as the ability to create magical darkness!
Drow are jerks!
According to Gary Gygax, he invented the Drow after finding the word in an old dictionary!
The elves of good defeated the Drow in a great war and banished them to the subterranean Underdark!
Drow society is strictly matriarchal!
The Drow think nothing of murder or betrayal if it raises their status, and the powerful must constantly watch their back!
Male Drow hold low status in Underdark society!
The Drow idea of beauty is cruel and monstrous compared to that of the surface-dwellers!
Bards are especially important in Drow society!
Drow who successfully slay their rivals will hire a bard to pen a murder ballad, detailing the gory killing in the hopes of raising the killer's social status and attracting new patrons!
Drow bards sing in screeching tones and play a complex lute known as the vazhan-do, whose sixty-four sharp strings can be used as a garotte!
Many Drow bards moonlight as assassins, and a wise Drow never turns his back on a musician!
Among the most impressive Drow artworks are realistic depictions of impaled human paladins, carved from solid blocks of drider silk and painstakingly hand-painted to resemble living flesh!
Drow cities host large amphitheaters, featuring screeching music performances by bards and terrifying jesters!
Drow mage artisans excel at crafting fine weapons and armor!
Drow speak their own language derived from the graceful speech of the surface elves!
Drow warriors are trained in drow sign language, a system of hand gestures used to communicate silently and coordinate deadly ambushes!
The Drow language has no words for "burial" or "old age"!
